---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "How to ask a Question"
date: 2024-09-05
published: true
labels:
  - Answers
---

In the poor example titled "Why won't clang compile this source code that works in VS2012?", the user did not check the manual on how to compile headers, which is a fundamental oversight. 
While the grammar is acceptable, the question lacks any personal input or explanation of why the code might not be working. 
However, the user is clear in specifying which compilers are failing, namely VS2012 and Clang. 
The code they provide is concise, consisting of just three lines, which makes it easy to follow. 
Unfortunately, there is a hint of frustration, as the user begins by pleading for help, showing that they are stuck and need assistance. 
On a positive note, the user does not make any guesses about the cause of the problem, which helps keep the question focused. 
The goal is clearly stated: they want to understand why their headers are not working. They also include the error message they received, which is useful. 
However, the tone lacks any courtesy, and overall, the question boils down to understanding which headers work with which compiler, 
an issue that could have been resolved by consulting the documentation.

In contrast, the good example titled "What is the '-->' operator in C/C++?" presents a more thoughtful approach. The user asks about the behavior of the --> operator in C, drawing a comparison to its use in C++. 
The grammar is clear, and the question is based purely on observations, without the inclusion of personal frustration or bias. 
The user expresses genuine curiosity, asking why the --> operator functions the way it does in C. 
The question is concise and to the point, with no signs of pleading or frustration. Instead, it is posed as an intellectual inquiry. 
The user does not guess at the answer, but rather seeks clarification on the behavior of the operator. Additionally, they provide both their code and the resulting output, 
which aids in understanding the issue. Ultimately, the question seeks clarity on whether --> is simply a combination of the -- and > operators.


